How did it go?
It looks good, the flowers look good, or I look good.
I'm talking about good-looking books.
Dangtang Li's President
Pick flowers and give them to your sweetheart
You told me it was a good book
Let me see how good it looks.
Dangtang Li's President
I'm actually jealous of a book
spread out
Not afraid of being laughed at
It's not because you snubbed me
I didn't mean to
Just took over the Su Group
I have to learn a lot every day
I'm stressed out.
Otherwise you kiss me
I'll help you take charge of Su's
No.
Dear
Su's Group surname Su
Su Yaoan's Su ah
Su Yaoan's Su
Million orders from Nali Group
Can the pressure on the Lower Su Group be relieved?
100 million
200 million
300 million
No going back is allowed.
Three 300 million
I regretted it.
I'll change it to a billion
Yaoyao
Will you marry me?
I will love you with all my life
Regardless of birth, old age, illness and death
Forever
end of the play